Before your peaceful morning turns into this, set aside a little me time and ease into your
day with Honey Bunches of Oats cereal.
Those sweet flakes and crunchy granola keep your happy tank fueled up, so when it's time
to get moving, you're ready!
With the boost you need to be your best self, it's amazing what a little me time can do!
So make Honey Bunches of Oats cereal part of your morning routine, and make a bunch happen!
Pick up a box of Honey Bunches of Oats in the cereal aisle today!
When a massive tornado hits the city of Joplin, Missouri, people run for their lives and cling
to their loved ones.
It looks like nothing can save them.
But then they showed up.
And then we take a look at a story about a young couple.
Everything seems to be going fine in their relationship, until she notices that her boyfriend
all of a sudden, loves to cook her food.
Today on Dead Rabbit Radio.
Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Dead Rabbit Radio.
I'm your host Jason Garvin, and I'm having a great day.
I hope you guys are having a great day too.
I hope you guys are having a lot of fun out there doing whatever you're doing.
First off, riding in the Dead Rabbit Command right now on his own personal pet, Velasa
Raptor.
Kyler Warp Man.
That's not him.
That's the Velasa Raptor.
Velociraptor. I'm gonna toss you the oars for the dead rabbit rowboat. We're gonna go ahead and leave
behind dead rabbit command. We are.... Okay, technically, we're going to Missouri so we could
have taken any vehicle, but it's been a long time since we've taken the rowboat. So we're gonna
take a nice leisurely trip down the streams and rivers of the United States. We're leaving
behind dead rabbit command. We're headed out to Joplin, Missouri. Splish, splash... Splish,
splash. That's the sound oars make? You didn't know? You're not a nautical man like myself?
We are in Joplin, Missouri. It's May 22nd, 2011. Now, if you know any... If you're from Joplin or
if you live anywhere in Missouri, you know that is probably the one day in the entire history of the
city of Joplin. You don't want to be there. May 22nd, 2011. That's the day the tornado hit. Now,
not a tornado. The tornado. To be fair, before this, there had only been two tornadoes since 1971
that hit the city of Joplin and really it was just kind of the area of Joplin. So at 5, 10 p.m.
when they start sending off tornado sirens in the city of Joplin, people are like, "Ah, you know,
it's been almost 40 years since a tornado has actually hit Joplin. Maybe you'll see a little like
cow flying up in the air in a little barn. That'll be it. And hopefully it's not your cow and your
barn. You can go back to work." So when the tornado sirens start going off in the city, some people
paid attention to them, but other people just figured, "Ah, you know, those meteorologists,
they just like their loud sounds." But here we are at 5, 10 p.m. It's just a normal afternoon.
This tornado hits Joplin. It's rolling down the street.
[Motorcycle sounds]
So I've never been in a tornado, but I'm vaguely aware. I saw this documentary called
Wizard of Oz once. I'm vaguely aware of what they do. I mean, obviously, you're super destructive.
They'll destroy houses. They'll knock stuff over. But I guess I didn't really understand the extent
of it. This tornado was actually considered one of the deadliest tornadoes in human history,
this tornado that hit Joplin. You had cars thrown into houses. Steel was rolled like paper.
Manhole covers flying through the air. I mean, just not like you could pick any two of those.
You're still having a bad day, right? The manhole covers are terrifying. This tornado got into excess
of 200 miles per hour. It hit a hospital. This is the thing. People were expecting it to hit the
area, maybe. But this thing rolled through downtown. It hit a hospital. Shut off the power.
Backup generators didn't work. People on ventilators died. This tornado did such damage to the hospital.
It deformed the foundation. It warped the earth under it. They had to end up tearing the hospital
down. It hit a nursing home. It's like this thing was looking for the weakest people to pick on.
It's like, "Where's the daycare center?" It hit a nursing home. Nursing home collapsed, killing a
bunch of elderly residents. It flattened both a Walmart and a Home Depot. You kind of need those
to rebuild. That was the one thing that everyone was thinking like, "Oh, this sucks. You're watching
your house float away. You're in the basement. You get house." But they're like, "I'll go to Walmart
later. I'll go to Walmart. Grab some wood. Build a new house." The Walmart was destroyed. The Home
Depot was destroyed. We're talking big buildings. Again, these aren't little anti-M houses. These
are actual buildings. At one point, a Pepsi distribution plant. Nothing but concrete and steel
gets completely leveled. This tornado just tears through the city. People weren't expecting that.
Again, with the tornado sirens, they're not thinking it's going to take a leisurely stroll
through the center of town. There's one terrifying story I'm going to tell you. There was a Pizza Hut
manager named Christopher Lucas. They're in their Pizza Hut and you hear the sirens. You don't really
think anything of it. Then you see this tornado that got to be a mile wide. It led a path of
destruction 22 miles long, but the tornado itself was a mile wide. People were trying to outdrive
it. They couldn't. Nothing that big. You're pretty much screwed at that point. Christopher sees this
tornado coming down the street. He orders all of his employees into the walk-in freezer. Any
port in a storm. They go to close it. A lot of walk-in freezers, I used to work at Godfather's
Pizza. They're usually kind of jury-rigged a bit. They're not the most sanitary,
but you're not constantly unlocking it. There's usually some kind of thing you can do to make
it easier to open and close, basically. It seems like in this case, they had a bungee cord.
They have it rigged up that way. They run into the walk-in freezer and he goes to shut the door,
but at this point, the wind pressure is so much that he can't even get the door shut. Now he's
trying to hold the door shut of the walk-in freezer. There's a bungee cord that is used in
the operation. That's not how a walk-in freezer is supposed to be used. There's a bungee cord that
this place used for whatever way to kind of rig it to make it easier to use. He has the bungee cord
wrapped around his arm. He's holding the door shut. He has 15 employees behind him huddled in
the walk-in freezer and he's holding it. He's holding it. The tornado reaches the pizza hut and
the force of the wind opens the walk-in freezer door. Because his arm is strapped to the door,
he flies out with it. The bungee cord snaps and this pizza hut manager gets sucked up into the
tornado. Now I gotta say this. I was thinking when I thought of that, I go, "That's actually a pretty
awesome way to go." I'm not being joking either. Christopher, quick thinking, saved 15 people.
But if I had to choose between falling off of a mile high building or getting sucked into a mile
wide tornado tornado any day, that'd be way cooler than drowning. I mean, you figure you're
going to spin around a lot and you're going to yell. I'm sorry if someone from his family
is listening to this. I'm not again making light of this. But I think that's dope. I think that he
probably went out having a good time. Because it's a once in a lifetime experience. Again,
not many people can say they died in a tornado. When he's walking around in heaven and he's like,
"Hey dude, how'd you die? That's what they do in heaven. That's how they greet each other."
Hey, how'd you die? And some guys are like, "Oh, heart attack. Talking to all these people."
How many people can say they died in a tornado? And you're flying around. It's probably super loud.
I don't think it's probably super loud. It is super loud. But then as you're flying around,
I'm assuming what kills you is you bumping into other things, like cows and couches and other
things that start with CO, cobwebs. You're bumping and all this stuff. And that probably kills you.
Like SUVs flying around. You hit it. You get in the SUV and you're like, "Woo!" And you lean back
in the seat and the SUVs flying around. Or you just get thrown out of the tornado to a certain
point. Or it just spins you around so much that you just kind of give up. You're like, "I'm dead."
I'm not joking. I've thought about that. I would rather die jumping in a volcano.
And I didn't think about how cool it would be to die in a tornado until I read that story. But
jumping in a volcano would be dope. Dying in a tornado would be pretty cool. Hurricane would
be kind of lame because that's just like you standing on one location and then you're somewhere
else. And dead. Because you know, like the wind blows you super hard or like it blows a tree down
and falls on you. Blah. Lame. That gets a zero on the Jason Deto meter. But tornado would be dope
because you just kind of spin around. Falling would suck. Drowning would suck. Burning would suck.
But see the volcano, you just like are kind of dope. How many people get to say they died in a
volcano? There'd be a bunch of virgins down there. And be like, "Hey girls, what's going on?"
Where? Oh yeah. So this is Mon Jason's death death-o-meter podcast. I got I got a little
distracted there. Anyway, so this tornado hits and totally levels the town. 6900 houses were destroyed.
2000 buildings were destroyed. It really, really demolished Joplin. And some estimates say 25%
of the city was destroyed during this. 161 people were killed. 1150 people were injured. Here's two
weird tidbits before we get into the weirdest part of the story. The Piccadilly Circus was
traveling through town and they were doing a vote count. They were going to recount the votes of
the past election. And the Piccadilly Circus showed up. And while the Piccadilly Circus was in
Joplin, this tornado hit so they can't perform obviously. They were like, "Look at our death-defying
stunts!" And everyone's like, "Boring, boring. We just survived one of the worst tornadoes in human
history." But because the Piccadilly Circus was there, they actually had elephants that they used
to help move debris so first responders could get through. So basically that would be, I would be out
there like just clapping and saluting an elephant as they're like pushing trees around. The guys
are like, "Get out of the way! I'm trying to clear the road. I'm just standing in the middle of the
road saluting them. Throwing peanuts to them. They're like, " quit distracting the elephants!"
Ambulances are waiting. I'm like, "Make them dance! Make them dance!" This is probably the most
like-hearted podcast you'll ever hear about the Joplin tornado. Here's another odd one. The day after
the tornado, so the elephants have moved all the debris around. There's a police officer helping
with the recovery efforts. You get struck by lightning and killed. Could you imagine that?
That would suck. On the death- on the death-ometer, lightning would be kind of cool, but imagine
you're like working with your buddy, you're working with your partner, and you're trying to like move
debris around to save someone, and you hear a "Ka-Ka!" And you look over and your coworker is smoldering.
Not like he is smoldering gonna look, not like he's sexy, but he's dead and smoky and stuff.
That would be- oh my- and you'd be like, "What next? What could possibly go wrong?"
Well, that's a good segue for where we're headed. Kyler, let's go ahead and hop in the
Jason Jalopy. We're gonna take a little tour through the town of Joplin. You're like, "Jason,
are you gonna keep cracking jokes and raiding their deaths?" No! I'm not gonna do that. Kyler,
why would you think- why would you think such a thing? The velocity wrapped in the back seats,
shaking its head, it's like, "Ugh." I got a lot of this information we're gonna talk about from
an article in the- this journalist is like, "Please, please don't reference me." There's an article
written by Todd C. Frankel for the St. Louis Dispatch. So 25% of the city was destroyed by
some estimates. You had entire families wiped out. Devastating natural disaster, but then you
started hearing the stories of survival. People who were huddled in a bathtub, the house gripped
apart all around them. One family, they got underneath a mattress and the mom held onto it
as tightly as she could and the house was just being torn to shreds all around them. You have a
story of a three-year-old girl and her mom. They're trying to outrun the tornado in their car. They
can't. It's just too massive. There's a house and they figure, "Let's jump out of the car. Let's try
to get into that house. Hopefully someone will open the door. We're out of options." And so the mom
and her daughter jump out of the car and they're running and the tornado is right on top of them.
The mother throws the daughter into a ditch and jumps on top of her daughter and that tornado passes
over them. It picks up their car and the car begins to roll towards the ditch. And the mom is just
holding on to her daughter, praying for a miracle. And the car doesn't crush them. The tornado doesn't
whip them out of the hole. It simply passes them over. After the danger has passed, the little girl
turns to her mom and says, "Did you see them, mommy? Did you see them?" The mom's like, "What?"
She's wiping splinters out of her eye. She's like, "I can't see anything. Did you see them, mommy? They
saved us." The mom's like, "Who? Who saved us?" The little girl goes, "The butterfly people. They
use their wings to make the debris." She knows the word debris. She's three years old. "The debris,
all of the stuff in the tornado, they protected us." As people are digging out of the rubble, as people
are kind of walking around this destroyed landscape, they start hearing the same story over and over
again. Children were saying that they had seen the butterfly people. Now, all the stories had a few
things in common. One, these things could only be seen by kids. Two, they showed up in a way to protect
people. A lot of times they used their wings. And three, I shouldn't say all the stories shared this,
but you saw this a lot. A lot of the stories weren't firsthand. People were saying, "I heard that Mollie
down the street was protected by a butterfly person." Or, "Did you hear the story about the story that I
told you is a popular one? This happened a little, but no one can say that they were the girl in the
ditch. They were the mom on top of the girl." Anything like that. It was always a third-hand story. Some
kids, though, said, "Oh, no, no, no, I saw them. I did see the butterfly people, and they used their
wings to protect us from debris." And some of the kids said, "Not only do they see the butterfly
people protect them, they saw the butterfly people flying around in the tornado and grabbing people
who had been trapped in the tornado and flying them off into the sky." It's an interesting
observation because we have a town here that was hit by this tornado 22 miles of destruction.
I think I said 20 earlier. 22 miles of destruction. 161 people killed, 1150 people injured. The
population of the town was over 50,000 people. 2,000 buildings leveled, 6,900 homes destroyed,
50,000 people. You only had a casualty count of 161 people. This town is also located squarely in the
what's known as the Bible Belt, so it's a fairly religious area. The idea of these children seeing
angel-like figures, part of it could be their religious upbringing, part of it could be people
overall trying to make sense over how could you lose so little lives? In a town with 50,000 people
it's such massive destruction. There must have been somebody looking out for us. Now obviously,
the other counterpoint is why don't these angelic beings, why didn't they save everybody? That's
always a question when we look at natural disasters. That's a philosophical question.
But it is interesting to note that in this story only the children could see the butterfly people
as how they described them. I did a story a while back about a guy who walked into a school with his
wife. They took the school hostage and he had built this bomb and he was going to blow up the kids
if he didn't get his money. It's actually a really good episode. I'll put it in the show notes.
It's one of my favorites. And in that story, angels showed up in the classroom, but only the kids
could see them. You guys remember that? The angels showed up in the classroom and they were calming
the children down and telling them what to do and getting it before the events were playing out,
the angels were kind of like giving them advice. And it was something only the children could see
and it wasn't until afterwards when the children were being interviewed they talked about the angels.
So it's an interesting connection to that. These children who are in danger. And even
we did the story about the blue lady in Miami. That's another great episode, Myths Over Miami.
I'll put that in the show notes where it's only the children who are seeing these angelic figures
that are interacting in their daily lives. Was there actually any butterfly people there?
Were they figments of the imagination? Were they actually angels? Were they something else?
Who knows, right? It's an interesting story nonetheless. It's either mass hysteria to explain
why so few people died in such a massive event or it's an actual phenomenon that there is some
external force trying to save people or it's somewhere in between. Maybe it's tulpas, maybe it's
people, children creating these images that become real because they want so badly to be saved from
the evils of the world around them. But whatever the reason, it truly is a miracle that more people
didn't die during such a massive disaster. Kyler, I'm going to go ahead and toss you the keys of
the carboner copter. We have helped them rebuild. I now have a pet elephant. I'm feeding it all the
peanuts at once. We're going to put the elephant onto the carboner copter. Let's leave behind
Joplin, Missouri. We are headed out to small town USA. In small town USA, there's a 22-year-old woman.
We don't know her name. We're going to call her Becca. And her 24-year-old boyfriend, we'll call
him Robert. They've been dating for four years. Everything has been going great. But in the past
six weeks, Becca's noticed that Robert's been acting a little weird. Just something seems off.
"Bye honey, I have to go to work," Becca says as she opens the front door.
She looks out and in her garden, she sees a fresh piece of fruit. Now that's normally not,
that normally means you have a successful garden. But this was a fresh piece of fruit that was chopped
up. Just laying there. Store-bought fruit. And so she asks Robert, "Hey, do you know why there's
some fruit in the garden?" And Robert goes, "Oh yeah, I'm sorry." Becca, I don't know how to say this,
but there's a little family of mice in the shed. And I don't know. They look so cute. You know,
like the mama and the daddy and all the 300 babies. I wanted to feed them. So I was chopping up little
pieces of fruit and leaving out in the garden. And then at night, the little mice come out,
eat it. And Becca goes, "That's kind of sweet actually. That's kind of cute." Becca herself
is into exotic pets. I don't know if a mouse can't an exotic pet. A wild mouse in your shed is exotic.
But Becca herself has exotic pets. She actually has giant African land snails that walk around
this terrarium. Blah, blah, blah, blah, doing snail stuff. So she's like, "Oh, that's really cute."
Right? A couple weeks later, Robert starts this new hobby. He begins to cook for her.
"I just love, I'm struck with a passion for cooking. I was out late at one night. A chef bit me. Now,
every full moon I am forced to cook. He's cooking all the time. It's just this weird sudden change
for him. He's making these meals. He's baking cakes, making pies, all this stuff. And she loves it.
What woman doesn't want her man to be a great cook?" So she's totally down with it. But after a while,
she starts to realize that maybe, maybe not all men are meant to be cooked. Sometimes when she
eats the food, she gets sick afterwards. But she doesn't make the connections. She just goes, "Maybe.
I'm just tired." Right? And she's throwing up. She's like, "Bleh." You know what they say? If you throw
up twice, time for a nap. Bleh." So she figures maybe it's just like hormones or that she's tired
or something like she doesn't not really thinking about it. But one day she's at work. She works at
a coffee shop and her boyfriend's friend will call him Jerry, walks into the coffee shop and goes,
"Hey, Becca. Can I talk to you?" And she's like, "Yeah. My break's coming up right now. Let's go ahead."
And Jerry goes, "Listen, Becca. I don't really know how to tell you this. So I'm just going to come out
and say it." He starts laughing. He starts laughing like me, like I would. He goes, "You know how
Robert's been making you a lot of food lately?" And she's like, "Yeah. Yeah. He's been making me
tons of stuff. Cakes and pies and pasta and Jerry's like, "Please stop. Please stop. Don't go on any
further." Jerry goes, "Listen, Robert thinks this is hilarious, but I don't. That's why I'm telling you
this. He's been taking fresh pieces of fruit and leaving it out in the garden to attract slugs.
And then he takes the slugs and he chops them up and he puts them in your food."
She goes, "What are you talking about?" And he goes, "Because I don't want to repeat it, right?
I don't want to repeat it. Because now when I think of apple pie, I just think of slugs with
cinnamon on them. Because that's what apple pie looks like anyways, because I don't want to repeat
it." She doesn't believe him and he goes, "I figured you wouldn't." He shows her photos of a jar of
slugs and then slugs in a blender. We're halfway through this. Slugs in a blender is the halfway
point. So she's obviously disgusted. She's also deeply in love with this man. She's 22-year-old
woman. She's in love with this man. She's not really thinking. So this post first showed up on
like an advice board or something like that where she's asking this question. She goes,
"I don't know what to do. I confronted my boyfriend about feeding me slugs. She didn't
rat out that the friend told her. So he said, because she said I saw photos of it and he goes,
'Have you been sneaking around? My messages are in my face,' which is kind of bearing the lead.
If you're feeding somebody slugs and even if they did hack your account, you can't get all
indignant about it and be like, 'What? You violated my privacy.' And you'd be like, 'Yeah, you're poisoning
me with slugs.' Anyway, she ends up with going, 'He's mad at me because I'm mad at him for feeding
me slugs and I don't know how to deal with this. Please give me advice.' People were like,
there is no advice. Just leave him. Just absolutely leave him. She does post an update later
where she had to go to urgent care because she had gotten really sick. It turns out she had a high
level of metaldehyde in her system, which is a pesticide that is often used to kill slugs and
snails. So the slugs and snails that she was eating were already poisoned themselves. She goes to
urgent care, she's feeling sick, she has ulcers, they test her for that. The police are called by
the medical authorities. She doesn't call the police apparently. The urgent care people do,
because they will do that. And Robert refuses to talk to the cops. She doesn't seem to press charges
as far as we can tell in this narrative, but he refuses to talk to the cops. He's basically like,
'I don't know what you're talking about. I'm not feeding anyone slugs.' They're like,
'Why would that even...?' The cops are looking at each other like, 'Seriously? We're on the slug
beat now. We're investigating slug crimes.' Because she doesn't really press charges and
he doesn't fess up to anything. They can't do much. But so Robert says, 'Okay, listen, we'll
forget the whole law enforcement thing, Becca. Let's sit down and we will talk this through.
I'll bring the snacks. I will bring delicious, delicious snacks.' They have this meeting,
so it's him and Becca and then Robert's friend, who I don't know if it's the same guy ratting
him out. It just says Robert's friend and then Becca brings a friend as well. So they have this
little pal well. And Robert confesses everything. He goes, 'Listen, I want to be honest with you.
I don't know why I'm doing this stuff. I have a compulsion to do it. It's kind of like an OCD
type of thing. I just have to do it.' And Becca's like, 'I can understand that.' She actually does
say that. I can understand that because she also has some issues emotionally. She understands the
need to do things. He goes, 'I don't know why I do this. I love you, baby. I love you so much.'
And she goes, 'No, I understand. Maybe I know people have a compulsion to feed other people slugs.
I'm sure that somebody's fetish.' And he goes, 'Well, I've done more than that.'
It started off before the slugs when she wasn't looking. He's like, 'Look over there, a bird.'
And she turns, he would spit on her toast. That was the first thing he started doing.
When she wasn't around and she made toast, he would spit on it. Now that's gross, but that's not
too bad, right? I mean, I think at this point, all of us have eaten food with someone spitting it,
either intentionally or unintentionally. You're rude to a waiter. They're spitting in your food.
Or they're just talking a lot. They're spitting in your food. That's gross, but it's not into the
world gross. He also then admits to replacing her beta blockers, which is medication to regulate
the beat of your heart with salt. With salt, the one thing that if you get too much of actually
affects the rhythm of your heart, well, it's not the one thing, but it's one of the things
you got to be careful of. So he was replacing her beta blockers, her heart medication with salt.
You just wanted to see what would happen. We then moved to this level. She's a vegetarian
and he begins to replace her vegetarian products with meat products. She's like, oh my god,
this is so delicious. This is the best vegetarian meal I've ever eaten. He goes, you mean you've ever
meatin'. She's like, what? That's not even a word. She had vegetarian sausage. He replaced that with
real sausage. Same with chicken nuggets. She's like, oh my god, these are so good. These are the
most delicious vegetarian foods on the planet. Then he made her curry. Makes her delicious curry.
And this is when she said that he started to get weird. This is one of the warning signs.
He made curry and she's eating it and whenever she would go to take a bite of it, he would start
laughing. She's like, what? She go to take a bite of it. She puts the spoon down. He's like,
go see eat it again. He's the grip keeper all of a sudden. And it starts to make her paranoid.
She can't figure out why he starts to laugh every time she goes to eat curry. So she's like,
I don't want to eat curry and she leaves the kitchen. She goes into the bedroom and they have
this fight and he goes, come on, just try the curry and she takes a bite and is super spicy.
And he starts laughing. He goes, yeah, I put so much chili powder in there. Oh, I'm so sorry,
but I thought it'd be a funny joke to like make it super spicy. That's why he was laughing every
time she went to take a bite. You think, you know what? That's just a prank. That's not even close
to spitting on someone's toast or feeding them delicious meat. Well, that's what he told her
back then. Now he's given her the whole story. Remember her giant African land snails? One of
them had run away. We've gone hard for a giant snail. One of them though had gotten out of the
box and she can never find it. Well, it turns out that he said he came home one day and it was dead.
So he took it out of the terrarium, chopped it up and put it in the curry. That was the very
first time he fed her. Molesk was her own pet. Let's be honest, he probably didn't come home
and it was dead. He probably killed it. So he tried feeding her her own pet
and couldn't contain his laughter as she was about to eat it. And she goes, I think he put
on so much chili to kind of get rid of the taste. She's like, I know my Molesk. I could taste the
snail from a mile away. She thinks he put the chili on to disguise the taste of the snail.
He said at one point he took her tooth. You're like, Jason, please stop. He stopped. At one point
he took her toothbrush and rubbed it on the toilet. But he said he felt bad about that and washed it
off, which I'd call shenanigans on that one because one, just by a toothbrush, right? Like if
someone took your toothbrush and you saw them rubbing on the toilet and they go, sorry, and they
just ran it underneath the water for a bit, it's not clean. Right? You got to get rid of the toothbrush.
There's no amount of cleaning you can do to get rid of that. And he probably didn't do that. I'm
imagining he read the room on that one. I'm imagining he said that and the look of horror
in the other three people's faces. He goes, oh no, no, no, no, but I washed that one off.
But you would have to boil it to get rid of all of that. He says he doesn't know why he does it.
It's a compulsion. He loves her. He hopes that they can work it out. He'll make a delicious meal
for everyone at the party. He goes, guys, let's have lasagna or beef stroganoff or anything
else. I can hide disgusting things and everyone's like, no. Later on in another post, she does reveal
that she left him. But now she has a intense fear of slugs. She's afraid of leaving food out. She
has to eat the food that's in front of her. She can't get up and get a phone call or start making
a meal and leave. Not like that happens all the time, but think about it. How many times do you
have the day like, I make my meal in stages? I'll be cooking it. It's not really stages. I'll be
cooking it and then I'll go and I'll lift weights and then I'll go and I'll get, but imagine while
I'm lifting those weights, a slug crawls across my food. That's what she's afraid of. She's afraid
of slugs crawling across her food. She says that slug, this is the weird part. This is the weird
part. She has a problem with slugs invading her house. She goes, I find them everywhere. She goes,
I see them coming into the house all the time. She goes, I've had to seal all the gaps. She has
an intense fear of it. Now some of it may be just every so often a snail comes through or a slug
comes through and she's blowing it up in her mind or she thinks that nature itself is coming after
her. That slugs are being drawn to her presence. That's a little creepy. That's little tails from
the dark side ending for you, right? She ate so many slugs that now they're always inching towards
her. It's like it follows, but it's called it swallows and it ends with her swallowing slugs.
She's laying in bed one night and it's just 1300 slugs crawling into her gullet. She can't even
chew them up. They're so in her mouth she can't even close her jaws. But I mean that's an imaginary
scenario. Super disgusting imaginary scenario. She's suffocated by all the slugs. But this is where
it gets even creepier than my imaginary. Every slug in the world will eventually crawl in her body.
After she breaks up with her boyfriend it had been a while. She broke up with her boyfriend.
He moved out of the house. She's living alone. She's afraid of these slugs coming in.
One day she's doing some cleaning in the kitchen. She finds a jar. She's posted a photograph of this.
It's a jar of four dead slugs. She goes, "He must have left these here. He must have caught these
and these were slugs he never fed me. They look old. They look dead. He must have left them here."
And it's interesting because it's almost like she's trying to convince herself
that somehow her boyfriend didn't recently sneak into her house while she was gone
and leave four dead slugs hidden in her kitchen. Who's to say that when she's not at home
he's somehow getting into the house and planting slugs all over the place.
Now this story could obviously be made up. It could be some sort of internet myth.
The username on these posts are blanked out for the woman's privacy. But even if they weren't
it could be a lark. It could be made up. But we know well enough that there's a bunch of sickos out there.
So this story doesn't break the bounds of the imagination. So if it is true, this guy is still
out there. This guy is somebody's boyfriend. This guy is somebody's coworker. This guy is somebody
you may know. Someone who gets off on chopping up slugs and putting them in food. Possibly your food
right? You may know this guy or someone like him. Someone who seems totally normal but just
wants to run a few tests, pull a few pranks, have a secret laugh at your expense. They could be your
neighbor. They could be your minister. They could be the cook at your favorite restaurant.
So somewhere out there is a man with a gleam in his eye, smile on his face,
a pocket full of slugs, and a chef's hat. You may think you're about to sit down and enjoy
a delicious meal and maybe you will. Maybe you'll find out that for you the most delicious food on
the planet is slugs in a blender. You freak. You mutant. Dead Rapper Radio. I have no other way
in this episode other than you eating a bunch of slugs and then you wake up and there's 1300 slugs
in your chest trying to get into your mouth. Dead Rapper Radio at gmail.com is going to be
your email address. You can also set us up at facebook.com/deadraberadio. Twitter is @deadraberadio.
Dead Rapper Radio is the daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime podcast. You don't
have to listen to it every day and I'm glad you're like I wish I didn't listen to it today.
I'm glad you don't have to listen to it every you don't have to listen to it every day but I'm
glad you listened to it today. Have a great one guys.
(upbeat music)
[BLANK_AUDIO]